In the whole of humankind, be sure you'll never find someone who can't say, I never
stumbled in my life, and now this time it's you, but there's something you can do.
And from the experience and take the help of our loving God provides, get back up when
you're down, you can turn this around, get back up, stand up tall, you can learn, just
reach out, take his hand, he'll raise you up, make you stand, and one thing that's for
sure, you'll be stronger than before, if you learn from a fall.
Another dawn is breaking, and your heart, but you can't go back in time, you have to
see it through, stop and think it over, and take it to your home, his word is there to
guide you, to pick you up, and show you what to do, back up when you're down, you can
turn this around, get back up, stand up tall, you can learn, just reach out, take his
hand, he'll raise you up, make you stand, he's stronger than his word, his love is
greater than our hearts, you make him turn this around, get back up, take his hand,
it's for sure, you'll be stronger.